conda builds (#293)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/reference/environments/example_envs.rst

Example Environments
====================

> A set of possible installations of Cylc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A set of example Conda Cylc environments:
```

.. csv-table::
   :header:  environment, cylc, cylc uiserver, rose

   `Cylc 8 basic`_, ✔️, ,
   `Cylc 8 with UI Server`_, ✔️,✔️,
   `Cylc 8 with Rose`_, ✔️,✔️,✔️

Example installation commands:

.. code-block:: bash

   conda env create -f path/to/env.yml --name "name of env"

> 
>    # ..or if you haven't specified a python version in the enviroment file:
>    conda env create -f path/to/env.yml --name "name of env" python==<version>

Reviewer: This conflicts with the advice in `cylc-8-basic-python-3.7`.

Can either specify the Python version in the environment OR on the CLI (unless the two versions exactly match).

Better for reproducibility to put it in the environment file.

```suggestion
```

Cylc 8 basic
------------

> In this case we are collecting the core workflow engine.
> 
> Also demonstrates using different versions of Python.

Reviewer: "collecting" may be confusing here and there is now just one version of Python documented. Perhaps:

```suggestion
This environment contains the core workflow engine and shows how to specify a particular version of Python.
```
```

.. literalinclude:: basic-3.7.yml
   :language: YAML

Cylc 8 with UI Server
---------------------

> Create an enviroment containing the workflow engine and the GUI components
> from releases available on conda-forge.

Reviewer: typo "enviroment".

```suggestion
An environment containing the workflow engine and the GUI components.
```

(all recipes use releases on conda-forge so it might be confusing stating that here).

Example Environments
====================

A set of possible installations of Cylc:

.. csv-table::

>    :header-rows:1

Reviewer 2: This isn't formatting right for me locally

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/61982285/132215322-b84b406d-0375-4592-8adc-36bdeb1240a0.png)

Author: apparently the problem was:
```diff
-   :header-rows:1
+   :header-rows: 1

   
   environment, cylc, cylc uiserver, rose, install latest from github
   `Cylc 8 basic`_, ✔️, , ,
   `Cylc 8 with UI Server`_, ✔️,✔️, ,
   `Cylc 8 with Rose`_, ✔️,✔️,✔️,
   :ref:`Cylc 8 basic live from github <liveFromGH>`, ✔️, , ,✔️
   :ref:`Cylc 8 with rose and GUI live from github <liveFromGH>`,✔️,✔️,✔️,✔️

Example installation commands:

.. code-block:: bash

   conda env create -f path/to/env.yml --name "name of env"

   # ..or if you haven't specified a python version in the enviroment file:
   conda env create -f path/to/env.yml --name "name of env" python==<version>

Cylc 8 basic
------------

In this case we are collecting the core workflow engine.

> Also demonstrates using different versions of Python.
> 
> .. literalinclude:: basic-3.7.yml
>    :language: YAML
> 
> 
> .. literalinclude:: basic-3.8.yml
>    :language: YAML
> 
> 
> .. literalinclude:: basic-3.9.yml
>    :language: YAML

Reviewer 2: Does this need to be so long?
```suggestion
Also demonstrates how to specify a particular version of Python.

.. literalinclude:: basic-3.9.yml
   :language: YAML
```
